THE FOLLOWING ARE THE BASIC RULES OF CONDUCT THAT GOVERN PLAYER INTERACTION AND ACTIVITY WITHIN THE GAME AND ON THE FORUMS AND WEBSITE. FAILURE TO ACT RESPONSIBLY AND COMPLY WITH THESE RULES WITHIN THE GAME MAY RESULT IN TEMPORARY ACCOUNT LOCKING AND MAY ULTIMATELY RESULT IN THE TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT WITHOUT ANY REFUND OF ANY KIND.

You may not harass or threaten other players.
You may not use any content, which is harassing, vulgar, obscene, abusive, threatening, harmful, libellous or defamatory.
You may not impersonate any Shaiya Rebellion employee, past or present, including any Customer Support personnel.
You will follow the instructions of authorized personnel while in the Game.
You may not make use of the forums or game for commercial purposes, such as advertising any products or services, reselling or publishing the information posted or transmitted.
You may not organize nor be a member of any clans or groups within the Game that are based on, or espouse any racist, sexist, anti-religious, anti-ethnic, or other hate-mongering philosophy.
You may not give false information or intentionally hide any information when registering for your Game account as we require this information to verify ownership of accounts.
You may not modify any part of the Game Client, Server or any part of the Game.
You will not attempt to interfere with, hack into, or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Game.
You will not exploit any bug in the Game and you will not communicate the existence of any such exploitable bug (bugs that grant the user unnatural or unintended benefits in the game), either directly or indirectly, to any other Game player.
You will promptly report any such bug via official and prescribed channels to Shaiya Rebellion.
You will not operate any software that interferes with, or interacts with the game in such a manner as to provide an advantage to the user.
You may not hold Shaiya Rebellion responsible for any loss resulting from In-Game Trading. Shaiya Rebellion will not be held responsible for any resulting consequence from In-Game trading.
You may not hold Shaiya Rebellion responsible for any information that is passed between players.
Shaiya Rebellion does not guarantee the safe keeping of information that is passed between players and will not be held responsible for any resulting losses or consequences arising from the improper use of said information.
You may not hold Shaiya Rebellion responsible for any In-Game feature loss that was not purchased through legal means.
You may not hold Shaiya Rebellion responsible for any loss of use or data experienced as a result of server maintenance or other server downtimes such as restarts or crashes. All in-game items and accounts are the property of Shaiya Rebellion.
 
Shaiya Rebellion reserves the right to record information about player activities in the game. These records may be used in verifying player claims, technical troubleshooting and policy enforcement. They may also be considered permissible as evidence in a court of law.

The Player Ethics Guide may be amended by Shaiya Rebellion from time to time without your consent. In such event, Shaiya Rebellion will make readily available to you the amended terms and that you will and have agreed to those amended terms.